Add a doc for multi project configuration (#2138)
google/knative-gcp: docs/examples/cloudbuildsource/README.md

      non-default one, update `secret` with your own secret which has the
      permission of `roles/pubsub.subscriber`.

>    1. If you are [managing multiple project](../../install/managing-multiple-projects.md), be careful to specify the `project`
>    where you want your Google Cloud resources resides.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. By default the events will be from Builds running in the same project as your GKE cluster. However, if you are [managing multiple projects](../../install/managing-multiple-projects.md), then you can specify `spec.project`,
    which is the Google Cloud Project whose Builds you want to get events for.
```
```
